(Finally Sherlock manages to move, and starts to walk slowly towards the man he 
had believed to be his friend until now. The shock and bewilderment on his face 
make him look about twelve years old. Then, with a look of despair which matches 
Sherlock’s, John takes his hands from his pockets and pulls open his jacket to reveal 
the bomb strapped to his chest. From somewhere in the upper gallery, the point from 
a sniper’s laser immediately begins to dance around over the bomb.) 
JOHN: What ... would you like me ... to make him say ... next? 
(Sherlock continues to step towards him but now he is looking everywhere but at John 
as he tries to see who else is in the area.) 
JOHN (obviously narrating words spoken into an earpiece): Gottle o’ geer ... gottle o’ geer ... gottle o’ geer. 
(His voice almost breaks on the last phrase.) 
SHERLOCK: Stop it. 
JOHN (narrating): Nice touch, this: the pool where little Carl died. I stopped him. (He tries not to cringe as 
he listens to the next words.) I can stop John Watson too. (He looks down at the laser point on his chest.) Stop his heart. 
SHERLOCK (turning on the spot while he tries to look in all directions): Who are you? 
(A door opens at the far end of the pool and a soft male voice with an Irish accent speaks from that direction.) 
VOICE: I gave you my number. 
(We get a brief glimpse of a man wearing a suit and tie, but currently he is mostly obscured by a column.) 
VOICE (plaintively): I thought you might call. 
(Sherlock turns towards the new arrival, who now slowly walks out into the open. It’s Jim, Molly’s boyfriend. 
But this isn’t the fumble-fingered casually-dressed Londoner who did indeed leave his number for Sherlock 
in the lab at Bart’s; this is a sharply-dressed man with immaculate hair and a murderous look on his face. With 
his hands in his pockets, he casually begins to stroll alongside the deep end of the pool, heading towards Sherlock 
and John. All hint of plaintiveness has now gone from his voice.) 
